This menu will allow you to flash a specific firmware to the USB Rubber Ducky.

In order to do so, you must place your ducky in DFU Programming Mode
by holding down the button while plugging it in.

A brief description of firmwares can be found below.

-----------------
ORIGINAL FIRMWARE
-----------------

The original firmware for the USB Rubber Ducky designed to work on all operating systems.
(Windows, UNIX/Linux, OSX, Android, Etc)

Encode a payload called 'inject.bin' to the SD card of the ducky and insert it into a target.
The payload will run until finished and can be replayed by pressing the button on the ducky.

--------
FAT DUCK
--------

This firmware turns the ducky into a USB Mass Storage Device.

In the case that the ducky cannot run due to restrictions on a target machine, you would still
be able to use it to run payloads manually.

This firmware does not support the automatic execution of payloads upon insertion of the ducky.

-----------
DETOUR DUCK
-----------

This firmware supports the execution of multiple payloads triggered by various methods.

  - Encoding inject.bin to the ducky will execute the payload automatically as normal.
  - Encoding inject2.bin to the ducky will execute the payload upon highlighting the NUM LOCK LED.
  - Encoding inject3.bin to the ducky will execute the payload upon highlighting the CAPS LOCK LED.
  - Encoding inject4.bin to the ducky will execute the payload upon highlighting the SCROLL LOCK LED.

This is useful if you want to have a multi-staged payload where each stage can be deployed manually
at will upon the highlighting of each LED.

It is also useful in the case where you would like to run the same type of payloads on various OS's.
You may have inject.bin run a simple one line payload such as a DELAY and then each other payload
will execute a payload targeted for a specific operating system.

Once the inject.bin payload has finished, it can be replayed if desired by pressing the ducky button.
inject2.bin, inject3.bin and inject4.bin can be replayed by unhighlighting the related LED and
highlighting it again.

---------
TWIN DUCK
---------

Twin Duck has three possible firmwares that can be flashed to the ducky:

ORIGINAL:

  This firmware executes inject.bin as normal in the original duck firmware but also mounts the SD Card
  as USB Mass Storage.


SPECIAL REQUEST 1:

  This firmware executes the inject.bin payload on any LED trigger only - (CAPS LOCK, NUM LOCK, Etc).


SPECIAL REQUEST 2:

  This firmware executes the inject.bin payload on pressing the GPIO button on the ducky only.
